Customer managed deployments doc (#3811)
pulumi/pulumi-hugo: themes/default/content/docs/pulumi-cloud/deployments/customer-managed-agents.md

---
title: Customer-Managed Agents
title_tag: Get started with Customer-Managed Agents
meta_desc: Customer-Managed Agents allows you to self-host deployment agents and get all the power and flexiblity of Pulumi Deployments in your isolated environments
menu:
  pulumicloud:
    parent: deployments
    weight: 2
---

> Customer-managed deployments allow you to self-host deployment agents bringing the same power and flexibility as Pulumi-hosted deployments. Self-hosting your agents comes with many benefits:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Customer-managed agents allow you to host your own Pulumi Cloud Deployments runners, bringing the same power and flexibility as Pulumi-hosted deployments. Self-hosting your agents comes with many benefits:
```

- **Multiple pools**: You can set up multiple deployment agent pools, assign stacks to specific pools, and scale agents dynamically to increase your deployment concurrency. Customers can have up to 150 concurrent deployments
- **Meet compliance**: You can configure the agents with the credentials needed to manage your infrastructure. This way your cloud provider credentials never leave your private network

<sup>1</sup> *Currently Linux and MacOS are supported*

Customer-Managed Agents support all the deployment triggers currently offered by Pulumi Deployments such as click to deploy, the Pulumi Deployments REST API, git push to deploy, Review Stacks, and remote Automation API.

{{% notes "info" %}}
Customer-Managed Agents is available on the Business Critical edition of Pulumi Cloud. [Contact sales](/contact/?form=sales) if you are interested and want to enable Customer-Managed Agents. If you are a self-hosted Pulumi Cloud customer, please [get in touch](https://share.hsforms.com/1YajiJ73sSuGn5RoTkyvKxg2mxud) to be notified when it is available.
{{% /notes %}}

## How to get started

> Before you begin, ensure you have installed the [Pulumi Github App](/docs/using-pulumi/continuous-delivery/github-app/) and update the [source control settings](/docs/pulumi-cloud/deployments/get-started). [Docker](https://docs.docker.com/engine/) is a requirement for the agent.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
Before you begin, ensure you have installed the [Pulumi Github App](/docs/using-pulumi/continuous-delivery/github-app/) and update the [source control settings](/docs/pulumi-cloud/deployments/get-started). [Docker](https://docs.docker.com/engine/) is a requirement for using Pulumi Deployments.
```
